Add SQL Server version and edition support (#13682)
DataDog/integrations-core: sqlserver/README.md

You can also create your own metrics by having the check run custom queries.

> Supports SQL Server 2012 and above, all editions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All editions of SQL Server 2012 and above are supported.
```
